--------------
Colorkind
--------------

----------
Alignments
----------

Blue
-----
	Ultramarine
	-----
		Ruler of The Blue Technocracy.

		Born ?thousands? of years ago from a Red-Blue mix named Indigo, and a Blue Datologist named Azure.

		Used to perceive his father as an idiot, because of his focus on new experiments and exploration of new fields instead of researching what was already done in the past via Datology.

		Is a hard-head, kind of an asshole at some times, but he does care for his people, he has friends and a family that matters to him.

		He wants his son to be more like him, but he fails miserably, he blames his lover Amaranth for it, saying that the red blood in her tainted his son.

		He believed the White part of her blood would be the one to influence his son, making him a blue-white hybrid.

		Ultramarine believes that whiteness is directly correlated with nobility and perfection, and a blue-white son in his mind is the perfect representation of a scientificly literate nobleman.

		Unfortunately for him, the part of Amaranth that rubbed of on his son was actually the Red part, making him a Red-Blue mix, like his father.

		Ultramarine has a wife, named Laurel, who is a Green Ambassador, sent years ago to quell some sort of problem, and just ended up hanging around as the official envoy of Emerald.

		Ultramarine saw a lot of himself on Laurel, who is a cold and calculating type.

		Ultramarine coldness is rooted in science and tought while Laurel's rooted in self benefit, and social improvement.

		He believed that a strategic marriage between them would make sense, and Laurel agreed.

		Neither of them actually loved one another, but they did have similar opinions on matters, and over the span of a few years, actually became friends.

		Laurel did know of Ultra's escapades with other women, which were quite rare, but did happen.

		Ultra had desires and had his fair share of escapades. As did Laurel, neither of them cared of what the other was doing.

		Ultra's "affair" with Amaranth was not like the other escapades, it was done with the single purpose of making a Blue-White hybrid, and he drugged her with a very strong fertility drug, to ensure that a pregnancy would happen, the drug ended up killing Amaranth in childbirth.

		He didnt care that he killed Amaranth, the only thing that mattered to him was that his son was alive.

		At first there were no indications of a White part in Aquamarine (Named this way as to make people think he was the son of Laurel, who was in on the plan)

		Ultra was INCREDIBLY dissapointed in Aqua when he showed no signs of having a white descendency, and when he realized that his son was a Red-Blue hybrid, he had toughts of abandoning or killing his own son.

		The shock of realizing what he was becoming haunted him for the rest of his life.

		Ultra was so incensed with the thoughts of having a white hybrid child that he completely ignored the fact that his actions killed someone, this realization changes Ultra, making him accept his son as his own, instead of going forth with his plan of abandoning him.

		The only people in the empire that knows of this are Ultra, Amaranth (Now dead), Laurel, and Ultra's Sister Lapis who actually delivered baby Aquamarine.

	Navy
	-----
		Ultramarine's Head of Security. 
		Constantly tired of Aqua's shit.

	Aquamarine
	-----
		Illegitimate Son of Ultramarine with a Pink noblewoman named Amaranth.

		Apparent "heir" to his legacy, tho he is not even a bit happy with the prospect of succeeding his father.

		Although extremely smart and definitly a solid successor to the Great Ultramarine, he would prefer to spend his life exploring the world or tinkering, rather than ruling over the greatest minds of the Empire.

		His Red descendancy makes him an explorer, and a bit of a rebel, 

Red
-----
	Amaranth
	-----
		A rare White-Red hybrid noblewoman in the Court of the Crimson King, she is used as a Jewel by Crimson, displayed as the Perfect representation of what Redness is, she is one of his most trusted advisors, and it is said that in the event of his untimely death, she is to be the one to ascend the Crimson King's Throne, taking on the name of Crimson Queen.

		This of course is incredibly annoying for the kings actual sons and daughters, who have been plotting to kill Amaranth for years. The only thing stopping them is the fact that Amaranth almost never leaves the King's side, having a special chamber constructed right next to the Kings Royal bedchambers just for her, and also the kings insistance on having armed guards around her at all times.

		Amaranth first met Ultramarine in a voyage made by Crimson to the Blue Technocracy Spire, the spire had been falling apart from years of lack of maintenance by skilled builders.

		Ultramarine wanted to hire the Red kingdom's finest builders and sculptors to renovate the Spire, such a move would bring the two kingdoms together, and Crimson immediately agreed. Thinking about how amazing could he could re-make the spire.

		Amaranth was an incredibly skilled artist, and proposed plans to Crimson when they returned to the Red Castle (i need to name that shit still), Crimson LOVED it (because of course he did), and quickly dispatched her (accompanied by hundreds of guards) to the Blue Spire to oversee the renovation.

		Amaranth had to deal almost daily with Ultra, and fell right into his trap, Ultra manipulated her into a relationship with him.

		She was one of the best artist in the empire, but she was incredibly naiive, possibly from years of isolation at the Crimson King's side.

		Ultra executed his plan flawlessly, drugged her with a very high dose of fertility enhancers, and impregnated her.

		News of Amaranth's pregnancy quickly spread, but no one knew at first who the father was, some speculated that it was Ultra's son, but he quickly put that rumour to rest by declaring that the father was some random high ranking blue officer that had been seen around Amaranth many times and had been accidentaly killed in the months after the pregancy was officially announced.

		Amaranth died in the birth of Aquamarine, possibly caused by the stress the high fertility drugs caused in her system during the pregnancy.

Green
----
	Laurel
	-----
	