------------------------------
| The Kingdom of the Spectra |
------------------------------

Point and click adventure game, heavily inspired by Loom (LucasArts, 1990).

Game makes heavy use of colors, every character is a physical representation of the color he represents, a blue character is more thinking and somber than a red character, who is more emotive and passionate.

--------------
World Building
--------------

Billions of years ago a rogue star passed in-between the earth-moon system and the Sun, causing the earth-moon system to shoot out to deep space as such, Earth turned into a rogue planet, cooling down massively and basically destroying the human civilization, however, a few human settlements still existed, humanity couldn't thrive anymore, but they were prepared, they built a giant fusion reactor on the moon, and connected it to planet earth thru a series of humongously powered lasers, also they built a giant spotlight on the moon towards earth to maintain temperature in a certain area.

Humanity is now but a shadow of their former selves, they cant really be considered human anymore, they call themselves Colors now, and are intrinsically related to the eletromagnetic spectrum.

Three main kingdoms arose from the billions of years of conflict and chaos in the lit area, The Blue, The Red, and The Green, currently ruled by Ultramarine, Crimson and Emerald, they were unified into a single Empire by the White Emperor, a legendary figure that was ?himself born at least a million years ago.?

?The White Emperor is actually a lie, created by the RGB kings of the past, to instill a sense of order thru the power of legend, they maintain him through projections like a wizard of Oz kind of thing.?

--------------
Datology
--------------

Is the science of exploring data from the old humanity, trying to figure out what exactly happened.

--------------
Colorkind
--------------

Ultramarine
-----

Ruler of The Blue Technocracy.

Born ?thousands? of years ago from a Red-Blue mix named Indigo, and a Blue Datologist named Azure.

Used to perceive his father as an idiot, because of his focus on new experiments and exploration of new fields instead of researching what was already done in the past via Datology.

Is a hard-head, kind of an asshole at some times, but he does care for his people, he has friends and a family that matters to him.

He wants his son to be more like him, but he fails miserably, he blames his lover Amaranth for it, saying that the red blood in her tainted his son.

He believed the White part of her blood would be the one to influence his son, making him a blue-white hybrid.

Ultramarine believes that whiteness is directly correlated with nobility and perfection, and a blue-white son in his mind is the perfect representation of a scientificly literate nobleman.

Unfortunately for him, the part of Amaranth that rubbed of on his son was actually the Red part, making him a Red-Blue mix, like his father.

Ultramarine has a wife, named Laurel, who is a Green Ambassador, sent years ago to quell some sort of problem, and just ended up hanging around as the official envoy of Emerald.

Ultramarine saw a lot of himself on Laurel, who is a cold and calculating type.

Ultramarine coldness is rooted in science and tought while Laurel's rooted in self benefit, and social improvement.

He believed that a strategic marriage between them would make sense, and Laurel agreed.

Neither of them actually loved one another, but they did have similar opinions on matters, and over the span of a few years, actually became friends.

Laurel did know of Ultra's escapades with other women, which were quite rare, but did happen.

Ultra had desires and had his fair share of escapades. As did Laurel, neither of them cared of what the other was doing.

Ultra's "affair" with Amaranth was not like the other escapades, it was done with the single purpose of making a Blue-White hybrid, and he drugged her with a very strong fertility drug, to ensure that a pregnancy would happen, the drug ended up killing Amaranth in childbirth.

He didnt care that he killed Amaranth, the only thing that mattered to him was that his son was alive.

At first there were no indications of a White part in Aquamarine (Named this way as to make people think he was the son of Laurel, who was in on the plan)

Ultra was INCREDIBLY dissapointed in Aqua when he showed no signs of having a white descendency, and when he realized that his son was a Red-Blue hybrid, he had toughts of abandoning or killing his own son.

The shock of realizing what he was becoming haunted him for the rest of his life.

Ultra was so incensed with the thoughts of having a white hybrid child that he completely ignored the fact that his actions killed someone, this realization changes Ultra, making him accept his son as his own, instead of going forth with his plan of abandoning him.

The only people in the empire that knows of this are Ultra, Amaranth (Now dead), Laurel, and Ultra's Sister Lapis who actually delivered baby Aquamarine.


Amaranth
-----

A rare White-Red hybrid noblewoman in the Court of the Crimson King, she is used as a Jewel by Crimson, displayed as the Perfect representation of what Redness is, she is one of his most trusted advisors, and it is said that in the event of his untimely death, she is to be the one to ascend the Crimson King's Throne, taking on the name of Crimson Queen.

This of course is incredibly annoying for the kings actual sons and daughters, who have been plotting to kill Amaranth for years. The only thing stopping them is the fact that Amaranth almost never leaves the King's side, having a special chamber constructed right next to the Kings Royal bedchambers just for her, and also the kings insistance on having armed guards around her at all times.

Amaranth first met Ultramarine in a voyage made by Crimson to the Blue Technocracy Spire, the spire had been falling apart from years of lack of maintenance by skilled builders.

Ultramarine wanted to hire the Red kingdom's finest builders and sculptors to renovate the Spire, such a move would bring the two kingdoms together, and Crimson immediately agreed. Thinking about how amazing could he could re-make the spire.

Amaranth was an incredibly skilled artist, and proposed plans to Crimson when they returned to the Red Castle (i need to name that shit still), Crimson LOVED it (because of course he did), and quickly dispatched her (accompanied by hundreds of guards) to the Blue Spire to oversee the renovation.

Amaranth had to deal almost daily with Ultra, and fell right into his trap, Ultra manipulated her into a relationship with him.

She was one of the best artist in the empire, but she was incredibly naiive, possibly from years of isolation at the Crimson King's side.

Ultra executed his plan flawlessly, drugged her with a very high dose of fertility enhancers, and impregnated her.

News of Amaranth's pregnancy quickly spread, but no one knew at first who the father was, some speculated that it was Ultra's son, but he quickly put that rumour to rest by declaring that the father was some random high ranking blue officer that had been seen around Amaranth many times and had been accidentaly killed in the months after the pregancy was officially announced.

Amaranth died in the birth of Aquamarine, possibly caused by the stress the high fertility drugs caused in her system during the pregnancy.


Aquamarine
-----

Illegitimate Son of Ultramarine with a Pink noblewoman named Amaranth, to much dismay of his father's actual wife Laurel, a Green ambassador. 

Apparent "heir" to his legacy, tho he is not even a bit happy with the prospect of succeeding his father.

Although extremely smart and definitly a solid successor to the Great Ultramarine, he would prefer to spend his life exploring the world or tinkering, rather than ruling over the greatest minds of the Empire.

His Red descendancy makes him an explorer, and a bit of a rebel, 

--------------
The Blue (Technocracy)
--------------

Current ruler is Ultramarine, one of the brightest Datologist who ever lived.

--------------
Narrative
--------------


Idea 0
---------------------
*You play as the son of Ultramarine, who everyone believes will succeed as the ruler to the blue lands.*

One beautiful day, a light is shot out of the moon, heading straight to the center of the spotlight region, it hits something on the way, explodes in midair and the largest piece falls on the distant lands of infrared.

The player having always been an explorer, volunteers when the White Emperor assembles an exploration team to head out into darkness and find whatever fell on the planet (it actually had an impact visible from far away.)

Ultramarine doesnt like that one bit, the player tells him to go fuck himself and he heads out with a rag tag team of awesome colors.

People die on the way, adventures are had, puzzles are solved.

Until they find a message capsule, they get it, and the player deciphers it.

The message contained alerts the crew that the fusion reactor on the moon is getting to a super critical state and that it WILL fail in the coming years, fuel is running out, there is nothing the automated system can do.

No one actually knows even wtf a fusion reactor is.

The episode ends as they take the message back to the White Emperor, the 4 rulers dont take the message very well.

Ultramarine knew about this all along, having figured everything out from information found in expeditions around the 


Idea 1
---------------------
*At some point Ultramarine kills Emerald and Crimson and takes over the whole of the RGB kingdoms under his rule.*

*The Player gets ?exiled? to the lands of infrared, there he explores the darkness of outside of the spotlight and learns new information about the fusion reactor on the moon, that the Old White King is still alive as a Dark Gray Hermit, and that Colorkind is Humankind*

The Player finds the old white king in a decrepit gray state, ?having lost his faith in Colorkind?, He learns of the RGB kings treason that ended up almost killing the Now Gray King.

*Why did the white king lost faith in Colorkind?

The Player must then find the other colors that lie dormant within himself through the friends that he made along the way, and he slowly turns into A New White King.

At some point, The Player ends up on the moon station, learning why his father betrayed his old friends, the fusion reactor in the moon is running out of fuel, and without it, the Color civilization will collapse.

Having learned this, the player goes back to the Blue Citadel and confronts his father.

The player then has the choice of uniting with his father to try (and ultimaly fail) in saving Colorkind or avenging Crimson and Emerald and exiling or killing his own father, becoming the new White King in the process thus obtaining the power to try (and ultimaly fail) in saving Colorkind 
---------------------------


Idea 2.
---------------------------
You play as the illegitimate son of the ruler of Blue, Ultramarine and some random Red,

You are not Important to the story in the slightest. Your actions wont affect the story in the slightest, but you are an observer.


Idea 3.
---------------------------
A meteor falls on the outside of the spotlight area, the player, Aquamarine is sent (maybe he volunteers) to investigate, he meets a colorful team of characters, one of each color and sets of to investigate.

Things happen, people are met on the way to the crash site.

Events transpire.

The team meets a gray being that helps them on their quest, each member finds within themselves a little piece of the other colors.

They acctually find the crash site, and it's acctually a satellite, in fact it is the LAGEOS-1 satellite, which is equipped with a plaque similar to the one on voyager.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
White hybrids are incredibly rare

The closer you get to the center of the spotlight the brighter it gets, the closer you get to the white spire, the brighter it gets, basically the entire kingdom revolves around the idea that the white king is the source of all light an etc.

At some point find voyager. 

The moon was a research station area, like antarctica, they were developing an experimental fusion reactor, when the star fucked up the earth humanity decided to use it to maintain the temperature and provide energy to a small section of the earth.

After the star passed by the sun, the earth fell into civil war and caos, causing a total apocalypse and fucking the entire earth.

The passing of the star may have caused serious damage to all electronics, destroying all data stored on magnetic storage, which means the entire internet. on the planet. (Destroying the magnectic field and flooding everything with radiation)

The civil war reverted humanity to a stone age, millions of years would pass before we got to modern new technology.

For the spotlight to be able to give white light in enough power to maintain temperature, it is constructed out of 3 emitters in 3 different wavelenghts, namely red, green and blue, so that humanity can still see in all lights.

Thats caused certain proteins in the skin to get mutated and respond to certain wavelenghts, slowly overtime creating the colors, mixing and matching causes mixing of theses proteins creating new colors of people.