------------------------------
| The Kingdom of the Spectra |
------------------------------

Point and click adventure game, heavily inspired by Loom (LucasArts, 1990).

Game makes heavy use of colors, every character is a physical representation of the color he represents, a blue character is more thinking and somber than a red character, who is more emotive and passionate.

--------------
World Building
--------------

Billions of years ago a rogue star passed in-between the earth-moon system and the Sun, causing the earth-moon system to shoot out to deep space as such, Earth turned into a rogue planet, cooling down massively and basically destroying the human civilization, however, a few human settlements still existed, humanity couldn't thrive anymore, but they were prepared, they built a giant fusion reactor on the moon, and connected it to planet earth thru a series of humongously powered lasers, also they built a giant spotlight on the moon towards earth to maintain temperature in a certain area.

Humanity is now but a shadow of their former selves, they cant really be considered human anymore, they call themselves Colors now, and are intrinsically related to the eletromagnetic spectrum.

Three main kingdoms arose from the billions of years of conflict and chaos in the lit area, The Blue, The Red, and The Green, currently ruled by Ultramarine, Crimson and Emerald, they were unified into a single Empire by the White Emperor, a legendary figure that was ?himself born at least a million years ago.?

?The White Emperor is actually a lie, created by the RGB kings of the past, to instill a sense of order thru the power of legend, they maintain him through projections like a wizard of Oz kind of thing.?

--------------
Datology
--------------

Is the science of exploring data from the old humanity, trying to figure out what exactly happened.


--------------
The Blue (Technocracy)
--------------

Current ruler is Ultramarine, one of the brightest Datologist who ever lived.

--------------
Narrative
--------------


Idea 0
---------------------
*You play as the son of Ultramarine, who everyone believes will succeed as the ruler to the blue lands.*

One beautiful day, a light is shot out of the moon, heading straight to the center of the spotlight region, it hits something on the way, explodes in midair and the largest piece falls on the distant lands of infrared.

The player having always been an explorer, volunteers when the White Emperor assembles an exploration team to head out into darkness and find whatever fell on the planet (it actually had an impact visible from far away.)

Ultramarine doesnt like that one bit, the player tells him to go fuck himself and he heads out with a rag tag team of awesome colors.

People die on the way, adventures are had, puzzles are solved.

Until they find a message capsule, they get it, and the player deciphers it.

The message contained alerts the crew that the fusion reactor on the moon is getting to a super critical state and that it WILL fail in the coming years, fuel is running out, there is nothing the automated system can do.

No one actually knows even wtf a fusion reactor is.

The episode ends as they take the message back to the White Emperor, the 4 rulers dont take the message very well.

Ultramarine knew about this all along, having figured everything out from information found in expeditions around the 


Idea 1
---------------------
*At some point Ultramarine kills Emerald and Crimson and takes over the whole of the RGB kingdoms under his rule.*

*The Player gets ?exiled? to the lands of infrared, there he explores the darkness of outside of the spotlight and learns new information about the fusion reactor on the moon, that the Old White King is still alive as a Dark Gray Hermit, and that Colorkind is Humankind*

The Player finds the old white king in a decrepit gray state, ?having lost his faith in Colorkind?, He learns of the RGB kings treason that ended up almost killing the Now Gray King.

*Why did the white king lost faith in Colorkind?

The Player must then find the other colors that lie dormant within himself through the friends that he made along the way, and he slowly turns into A New White King.

At some point, The Player ends up on the moon station, learning why his father betrayed his old friends, the fusion reactor in the moon is running out of fuel, and without it, the Color civilization will collapse.

Having learned this, the player goes back to the Blue Citadel and confronts his father.

The player then has the choice of uniting with his father to try (and ultimaly fail) in saving Colorkind or avenging Crimson and Emerald and exiling or killing his own father, becoming the new White King in the process thus obtaining the power to try (and ultimaly fail) in saving Colorkind 
---------------------------


Idea 2.
---------------------------
You play as the illegitimate son of the ruler of Blue, Ultramarine and some random Red,

You are not Important to the story in the slightest. Your actions wont affect the story in the slightest, but you are an observer.


Idea 3.
---------------------------
A meteor falls on the outside of the spotlight area, the player, Aquamarine is sent (maybe he volunteers) to investigate, he meets a colorful team of characters, one of each color and sets of to investigate.

Things happen, people are met on the way to the crash site.

Events transpire.

The team meets a gray being that helps them on their quest, each member finds within themselves a little piece of the other colors.

They acctually find the crash site, and it's acctually a satellite, in fact it is the LAGEOS-1 satellite, which is equipped with a plaque similar to the one on voyager.


Idea 4.
--------------------
There is no White Emperor, he was killed long ago by the three Primarchs, Crimson, Ultramarine and Emerald, people believe he was sick and died of old age, being a centuries old monstrosity by the point he died, his age was beginning to affect his decisions and was becoming a tyrant.

After the message sent by the moon was seen by the primarchs, a meeting on the old Palace was convened by the primarchs to understand what is going on.

Ultramarine is killed by Crimson under Emeralds orders, who betray the Color Balance and assume control, Crimson himself is betrayed shortly after by Emerald, who entitles herself The Empress of All Colors.

Aqua-Marine, being the Heir to the Title of Ultramarine is forced to escape the Light Empire, swearing revenge on Emerald and Crimson, unknowing that Crimson is already dead.

Aqua, escapes with the help of long time friends, to find the meteor that was shot from the moon, and figure out what the hell is going on.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
White hybrids are incredibly rare

The closer you get to the center of the spotlight the brighter it gets, the closer you get to the white spire, the brighter it gets, basically the entire kingdom revolves around the idea that the white king is the source of all light an etc.

At some point find voyager or the LAGEOS-1 satellite.

The moon was a research station area, like antarctica, they were developing an experimental fusion reactor, when the star fucked up the earth humanity decided to use it to maintain the temperature and provide energy to a small section of the earth.

After the star passed by the sun, the earth fell into civil war and caos, causing a total apocalypse and fucking the entire earth.

The passing of the star may have caused serious damage to all electronics, destroying all data stored on magnetic storage, which means the entire internet. on the planet. (Destroying the magnectic field and flooding everything with radiation)

The civil war reverted humanity to a stone age, millions of years would pass before we got to modern new technology.

For the spotlight to be able to give white light in enough power to maintain temperature, it is constructed out of 3 emitters in 3 different wavelenghts, namely red, green and blue, so that humanity can still see in all lights.

Thats caused certain proteins in the skin to get mutated and respond to certain wavelenghts, slowly overtime creating the colors, mixing and matching causes mixing of theses proteins creating new colors of people.