KINGDOM OF THE SPECTRA

SCRIPT

Written by Affonso Amendola, 2019

Be Excellent to Each Other.

GAME START
-------

Company logos fade in and out, standard shit.

::::CUTSCENE 1::::
-------

Scene opens on the edge of the Blue Technocracy, overlooking from the distance the Farpoint Lookout, the farthest point in the blue lands.

The moon is clearly visible from the vantage point.

-Titles appear as the music softly plays in the background:-
On the farthest point of the lands of Blue.

Farpoint Lookout.
-Titles fadeout-

The Blue Technocrat leader, Ultramarine, shares a conversation with his wife, Laurel

Ultramarine: You know where he is right now?

Laurel: Where?

Ultramarine: On an old bookstore, under the new city.

Laurel: You let him go?

Ultramarine: No.
Ultramarine: He just went anyway.

Ultramarine: Picklocked the door, and disabled the security cameras you put everywhere.
Ultramarine: They came back online immediatly after, so he still got caught on video.

Laurel: And why is he there?
Laurel: Did he evade the guards?

Ultramarine: No.
Ultramarine: I just conceded.

Ultramarine: I could lock him into his room and just made him stay there.
Ultramarine: But I decided against it.
Ultramarine: I sent Olive to watch over him.
Ultramarine: He'll be fine.

Laurel: He's stubborn.

Ultramarine: I'm stubborn.

Laurel laughs.

Laurel: He really is your son.

At this moment, a flash of light is seen on the moon, and it starts heading towards the planet.

Ultramarine: What is that?

Both are shocked.

Laurel: Its... I have no idea.

The light keeps its heading, looking like its going to fall right on the two watching.

Ultramarine: It's heading towards us, what in the Light is that!?

The light seems to collide with something in midair, causing a flash, it fragments in thousands of small pieces, and a larger piece, now heading west.

It enters the atmosphere, causing even more light, and hits the ground in the distance, causing yet another flash of light.

Ultramarine: What was that?!

Ultramarine takes a communicator from his robe, as he does a voice comes through

Communicator: Ultramarine! Sir! Do you copy?

Ultramarine: Yes, I just saw it, any info?

Communicator: Head to the observatory, the Technologists are assembling.

Ultramarine: On my way.

Ultramarine starts heading out, Laurel stays behind, looking out to the crash site

Ultramarine: Laurel?

Laurel: Ultra? What was that??

Ultramarine: I have no idea, lets go

-Title Shows-
KINGDOM OF THE SPECTRA
-Title fades-

-Credits roll-

-Fadeout-
::::SCENE 1 END::::
-------------------
::::CUTSCENE 3::::

-Fadein on an old abandoned bookstore-

-A panel from the ceiling falls, shattering on the ground-

-A blue figure pokes his head down the hole-

Aquamarine: Oh crap...
Aquamarine: Well...If anyone asks, lets just say that hole was already there...

-The figure goes back up, only to jump down moments later-
-The figure is revealed to be Aquamarine, son of Ultramarine-

Aquamarine: "The Bookish Hue", the oldest bookstore on the oldest street of the oldest section of the old city.
Aquamarine: There has to be something cool around here.

::::START OF PLAYER CONTROL::::

The player must now navigate around the old bookstore, he can examine the bookcases and find only bits of information from the books' titles.

Aquamarine is dissappointed in most of them, since he already read most of it, or just doesnt finds them appealing.

--------------
Puzzle section, teaching the player about moving around and interacting.
--------------

After searching around, Aqua finds a way into an old basement, where the not-for-sale books are stored, he grabs a pamphlet written in an undeciferable language.

It is a pamphlet for an extremely old box, looking like an old computer system, it is locked behind an ornamental glass case, on top of a pillow, obviously for safekeeping by the old owner.

--------------
Puzzle section, opening the box, maybe use information from books upstairs, or some kind of structural puzzle.
--------------

(Maybe find informations about the old owner of the bookstore throughout the game.)

While Aqua is downstairs a ruckus is heard upstairs, someone has broken into the bookstore, while Aqua was distracted.

The voices outside are calling for his name.
Aqua has now to find a place to hide.

--------------
Puzzle section, finding a place to hide, while being pressured by noises upstairs.
--------------

Aqua hides just in time after grabbing the pamphlet, a group of armed Yellow guards barge into the basement.

The yellow guards seem dissappointed in not finding Aqua downstairs.
After a few moments a Blue nobleman enters the room.

Navy: Where is He?

Aqua (Still hidden): ~Awww fuck, I know this voice.~

Navy: Aquamarine, you father requests your presence.
Navy: And he is kind of pissed you broke out of your room.

Navy: -Pause-

Navy: Again...

Aqua (Still hidden): Well, then he should've gotten better locks for the windows.

Navy: Windows?

While Aqua talks Navy moves toward the hiding spot.
Aqua (Still hidden): Oh yeah, I didn't go through the windows this time...
Aqua (Still hidden): Still, the locks are shit.
Aqua (Still hidden): Ahhhh... You know how it is right Navy? I mean th

Navy reveals Aqua, interrupting him.
Navy: Lets go home.
Aqua: Alright alright...

Aqua and Navy make their way up towards the bookstore.

Navy starts to speak to Aqua but Aqua is lost inside his own head, not paying attention.

Navy: Your parents are worried about you.

Aqua: Tell me something new...
Aqua: Hey guys how you all doing today?
Aqua asks to the 2 or 3 Yellow guards stationed around the bookstore.
This happens right under the hole in the ceiling Aqua made when going down.

Aquamarine uses a grappling hook to go up and dissappear in the darkness above.

Navy: Take things seriously Aquamarine!
Navy turns around to berate Aqua.

But he isnt there anymore.

Navy: By the white AQUAMARINE, GET DOWN HERE.

Aqua (Out of frame): Yeah... not gonna happen bossman.

Navy: Ughhhh, FINE.
Navy: But PLEASE Aqua, go home.
Navy: Weird things have happened.

Aqua (Poking his head down): Is everyone okay? 

Navy: Yes, everything is fine.

Aqua (Poking his head down): Sooooo.... Why must I go back home?

Navy: Aqua a light shot out of the fucking moon and no one knows why.

Aqua (Poking his head down): Oh, damn thats actually interesting.

Navy: Go home. Your father is waiting for you.
Navy: You are probably faster on these streets by yourself.

Aqua (Poking his head down): Hmmm.
Aqua (Poking his head down): Okay then, I'll see you back at the spire.

Aqua's head dissapear in the darkness above once again.

Yellow guard: Is He really going to be fine, Sir?
Navy: That kid is smarter than all of us together, he'll be fine.
Navy: Lets go, Ultra is going to be pissed at us if we get there after Aqua.

